Mention OTEL_METRIC_EXPORT_INTERVAL in Java manual instrumentation page. (#3786)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/java/getting-started.md

   export JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS="-javaagent:PATH/TO/opentelemetry-javaagent.jar" \
     OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER=logging \
     OTEL_METRICS_EXPORTER=logging \
     OTEL_LOGS_EXPORTER=logging \
     OTEL_METRIC_EXPORT_INTERVAL=15000
   ```

>    Note that `OTEL_METRIC_EXPORT_INTERVAL=15000` (milliseconds) is a temporary
>    setting to test that your metrics are properly generated. Remember to remove
>    the setting once you are done testing. The default is 60000 milliseconds.
> 
>    {{% alert title="Important" color="warning" %}}Replace `PATH/TO` above, with
>    your path to the JAR.{{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: A few suggestions:

1. Move the "note" into the note that's already there, immediately below.
2. Let's keep things as DRY as we can and only name the env var, not it's values (default or otherwise).

Is this good for you @cartermp et al.?

```suggestion
   {{% alert title="Important" color="warning" %}}
   
   - Replace `PATH/TO` above, with your path to the JAR.
   - Set `OTEL_METRIC_EXPORT_INTERVAL` to a value well below the default, as we illustrate above, **only during testing** to help you more quickly ensure that metrics are properly generated.
   {{% /alert %}}
```

Author: Thanks! Applied and ran prettier.

Reviewer 2: Yep, all good

   export JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS="-javaagent:PATH/TO/opentelemetry-javaagent.jar" \
     OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER=logging \
     OTEL_METRICS_EXPORTER=logging \
     OTEL_LOGS_EXPORTER=logging \
     OTEL_METRIC_EXPORT_INTERVAL=5000

>    ```

Reviewer 2: I would like to see a sentence here calling out the `OTEL_METRIC_EXPORT_INTERVAL` env var set to 5000 being for local development only, and that the default is 60s.

>    ```

Reviewer 3: having all of the metrics logged every 5 seconds could also make the onboarding process more confusing (e.g. not being able to find the spans in the large stream of metrics), what if we explicitly mention that metrics are only logged every 60 seconds by default, and mention that if people want them to be logged more often they can use the env var?

>    ```

Reviewer 4: I think for debugging purpose we have to find the sweet spot between end-users not having to wait for a long time and not having too much data printed to the console, maybe settling with 10 or 15 seconds?

>    ```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I would be fine with 10 or 15 seconds. I'll say that the first time I used metrics I was horribly confused by the 1 minute interval (and I would have several batches of spans available to see before I saw any metrics).

>    ```

Author: Thanks! Changed to 15 seconds.

   export JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS="-javaagent:PATH/TO/opentelemetry-javaagent.jar" \
     OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER=logging \
     OTEL_METRICS_EXPORTER=logging \
     OTEL_LOGS_EXPORTER=logging \
     OTEL_METRIC_EXPORT_INTERVAL=5000
   ```

   Note that `OTEL_METRIC_EXPORT_INTERVAL=5000` (milliseconds) is a temporary

>    setting to test that your metrics are properly recorded. Remember to remove

Reviewer: @cartermp et al.: is there a better word here than "recorded"?
(Note that "recorded" is also used in the other file addition.)

Reviewer 2: I would prefer the phrase, "properly generated".

Reviewer: That works better for me too! @eplusx can you make the change here and in the next file too?

Author: Thanks! Updated.
